# ComputerSciencePortfolio
My personal portfolio.

CS 305 Final Project: Checksum Verification Application for Artemis Financial

For the project's case scenario, Artemis Financial is a client in the financial services industry committed to modernizing its operations while prioritizing the protection of sensitive client and financial data. As part of this initiative, the company sought to enhance its web application by introducing a secure file verification process to ensure the integrity of data during transfers. Specifically, they required the integration of a checksum mechanism to detect any tampering or corruption in transmitted files. My role was to implement this security feature while preserving the stability and functionality of the existing application, using industry-standard best practices for secure software development.

One of the most challenging aspects of the vulnerability assessment was dealing with false positives from the dependency check report. To increase layers of security, I implemented checksum verification, ensured error handling was done securely, and reviewed input/output flows to prevent injection and encoding vulnerabilities. To ensure the application remained functional and secure after refactoring, I performed thorough testing and code reviews. Throughout this project, I used tools like OWASP Dependency-Check and followed secure coding practices, such as avoiding hard-coded values, validating input, and applying output encoding. For future employers, I would highlight this assignment as a strong example of my ability to integrate secure features into legacy code, create and test certificates for dynamic testing, assess and manage vulnerabilities, and maintain system stability.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

CS 370 Final Project: Pirate Agent Deep Q Learning

The work I did on this project from the CS 370 course, Current/Emerging Trends in CS where we learned about Machine Learning. The work that was given to me were the two python classes of GameExperience.py and TreasureMaze.py
and the main class that imports the aforementioned files. The code block I worked on was the q_train function block that randomly gives the pirate agent a direction, and lets the agent decide whether to explore a path or exploit a path using an operator to compare the random number to elipson. The exploit decision uses the q_value generated through a reward from the reinforcement model.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As a computer scientist, my goal is to design, develop, analyze, and troubleshoot software and/or hardware. Within the last century, computer technologies have found a foothold in vital branches of operation in society. Computers are essential tools for workers to perform important tasks, like printing and collecting data, using the internet to send information, automating machines that help with manual labour, to name a few examples. Developing and maintaining these is a computer scientist's responsibility. In recent years an emerging trend in computer science has become more mainstream and widely used: Artificial Intelligence. Artificial Intelligence agents are trained with sources of data designated to create output based on how the program functions. Commonly seen output of machine learning are algorithms that use user data to keep users engaging with the software. Models and agents can overstep the boundaries of what is personal data and what is public data without communication with the user. To address the ethical concern as computer scientists, we need to give the user more control of what they can or can't provide to the agent, to balance the performance of the app's feature, and the user trust that companies should hold dearly.
